docs: Add release notes for v1.25.0 (#3100)
sqlc-dev/sqlc: docs/howto/verify.md

merged into our `main` branch on Github, as we deploy every commit to
production.

```shell
$ sqlc push --tag main
```

Locally or in pull requests, run `sqlc verify` to check that existing queries
continue to work with your current database schema.

```shell
$ sqlc verify --against main
```

## Picking a tag

> By default, `verify` will compare the provided schema against the most recently pushed queries. We suggest using the `against` flag to pick the correct set of queries for comparison.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without an `against` argument, `verify` will run its analysis of the provided schema using your most-recently pushed queries. We suggest using the `against` argument to explicitly select a set of queries for comparison.
```

```shell

> $ sql verify --against [tag]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ sqlc verify --against [tag]
```
